#IBM WebSphere Liberty Profile Package, Web Profile 7 for Apcera Platform

##Overview
This package scripts is for **IBM WebSphere Liberty Profile (WLP)** based on the Java EE WebProfile specification. The package downloads, extract, installs, and configures WLP for use with Java EE web applications.

The Java EE 7, WebProfile includes the following features out of the box, a subset of the Java EE 7 Full specification:

- beanValidation-1.1
- cdi-1.2
- ejbLite-3.2
- el-3.0
- jaxrs-2.0
- jaxrsClient-2.0
- jdbc-4.1
- jndi-1.0
- jpa-2.1
- jsf-2.2
- jsonp-1.0
- jsp-2.3
- managedBeans-1.0
- servlet-3.1
- webProfile-7.0
- websocket-1.1

This package makes use of a custom server configuration file, `server.xml`, as a template, replacing the standard one included with WLP. This server configuration file will be used when performing operations using the server management script and will serve as the configuration for web applications deployed as a standalone archive without a user-provided configuration file.

This package also provides the following environment variables that are either used by an accompanying stager, start script, or simply providing package metadata information. The custom environment variables and purpose are:

- **LIBERTY_VERSION** - The version of WLP. Can be referenced inside any job using this package.
- **WLP_DEFAULT_SERVER** - The name of the WLP managed server that will be created by the stager.
- **WLP_USER_DIR** - A filesystem path overriding the default location of the WLP user directory.
- **WLP_OUTPUT_DIR** - A filesystem path overriding the default location of artifacts generated by the managed server (i.e. log files and workarea).
- **WLP_INSTALL_DIR** - The location of the base installation of WLP.


## Installation
There is no need to download the installation archive from IBM as the package does this for you. As download URLs may change, the package script identifies the correct URL referenced in the latest index for WLP.

This package does require an existing Java runtime available on the platform, preferably Java JDK 8.

To install, run:

```
apc package build wlp-webprofile7-16.0.0.2.conf
```

## Customizing the Package
The following are items that should be updated to match your specific environment or deployment needs:

- namespace. This should be updated to match the desired target namespace for the package.
- Java runtime "depends". The script references `java-8` as the package "provide". This should be updated if your Java JDK is different.
